Hey.
Hey, hey, hey.
He said before that the sister-in-law is still in the bedroom in a hurry
Don't leave him behind.
I have released the person.
Let me go
Don't worry.
They haven't gone far
Who knew you had a grim reaper?
Let's take this time to talk
Zhao Zixuan
And how did he use it to acquire other abilities?
Because I am right
Zhao Zixuan, it's time for us to make a decision
Soon you will never see me again
What? What are you talking about?
Because I'm about to become an immortal
You can't love if you want to do it later
Why why
Just because you are ruthless
I can't see others
Superior family
Fashion everywhere
People like you
Xu Tao, Xu Tao, I won't let you go
Even if you become immortal, I will not let you go
I will use all my means to kill you
Ah!
At a time like this, you're still like this
defeat
I won't tell you more
They're already home.
Like you, you will never be able to support the wall